README.md, before:

# book_app
https://book-app-jr-jy.herokuapp.com/

**Author**: John Ramirez and Jacque Young
**Version**: 1.0.0 

## Overview
I would like to create a website where I can share books i've read and my various opinions of them to the masses. i would like this to be openly accessible with a mobile first layout.

## Trello Board
https://trello.com/b/W23RQiUi/book-app

## Architecture
-Languages: CCS, HTML, Javascript, EJS
-Libraries: Express.js, Dotenv, Cors, PG, Superagent
-Tools and frameworks: Node.js, Heroku, PostgreSQL

## Change Log
01-16-2021, 1300: setting up Repo and Heroku app with partner 

Number and name of feature: Code 301: Lab 11 EJS: setup

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hr 

Start time: 1300

Finish time: 1500

Actual time needed to complete: 2hrs


=======
Number and name of feature: Object Constructor Function, Search Handler, form

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 9:30

Finish time: 10:30

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour
---
01-20-21, 1945: adding SQL files with database and table. Additional works include writing error.ejs syntax and error handler.


Number and name of feature: Book APP version 1.1.2 SQL

Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 mins

Start time: 1900

Finish time: 1945

Actual time needed to complete: 45 mins

---

Number and name of feature: 

Estimate of time needed to complete: 

Start time: 

Finish time: 

Actual time needed to complete:

Commit message:

adding search field with end point and some minor CSS.

README.md, after:

# book_app
https://book-app-jr-jy.herokuapp.com/

**Author**: John Ramirez and Jacque Young
**Version**: 1.0.0 

## Overview
I would like to create a website where I can share books i've read and my various opinions of them to the masses. i would like this to be openly accessible with a mobile first layout.

## Trello Board
https://trello.com/b/W23RQiUi/book-app

## Architecture
-Languages: CCS, HTML, Javascript, EJS
-Libraries: Express.js, Dotenv, Cors, PG, Superagent
-Tools and frameworks: Node.js, Heroku, PostgreSQL

## Change Log
01-16-2021, 1300: setting up Repo and Heroku app with partner 

Number and name of feature: Code 301: Lab 11 EJS: setup

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hr 

Start time: 1300

Finish time: 1500

Actual time needed to complete: 2hrs


=======
Number and name of feature: Object Constructor Function, Search Handler, form

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 9:30

Finish time: 10:30

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour
---
01-20-21, 1945: adding SQL files with database and table. Additional works include writing error.ejs syntax and error handler.

Number and name of feature: Book APP version 1.1.2 SQL

Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 mins

Start time: 1900

Finish time: 1945

Actual time needed to complete: 45 mins

---
01-20-21, 2102: adding search field to ejs with endpoint to searches/new along with some basic CSS.

Number and name of feature: Book APP version 1.1.3 CSS and search field

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hrs

Start time: 1930

Finish time: 2102

Actual time needed to complete: 1hr 2 mins

---


Number and name of feature: Book APP version 

Estimate of time needed to complete: 

Start time: 

Finish time: 

Actual time needed to complete:
